# DomesticSimulation.mp3

**Meeting Date:** 22nd Dec, 2025 - 11:12 AM

---

**Jarad** *[00:01]*: Alright, so I have a very specific game simulation in mind and it came about when I was home all day with my wife with a lot of work to do and I finally figured out a way, I figured out analogy to explain where I'm coming from with a very spicy topic. I am currently the only one employed in the family in the home. I am self employed and I get contract pay of $6,250 every two weeks. And I'm lucky that I get that. That is how we survive. And it's not as much as I used to make. I made almost twice as much. But I took a pay cut to work on my own business as venture capital is paying for me now the 6250 every two weeks. My wife does not have a job. 
**Jarad** *[01:30]*: Well, my wife has a job now, but it's only because she's bored, she doesn't need a job. She wanted a job because she felt useless, but all it did was make it so my job. There's way more pressure on me because now I have to pick up the slack where as I used to be able to work eight hours in a day and my wife would take care of the kids and take them to class and do stuff. Now I have to work somehow and also take care of the kids and also, you know, do half of everything. So when she does come home, she'll clean the house and expect me to clean the house along with her because we should split it. It shouldn't just be her cleaning house, it's my house too. It's my house. 
**Jarad** *[02:25]*: So I need to clean half of it and she cleans half of it. Now here's where it gets touchy. It's. I agree. I don't want her to do all the work. I want to help. And I'm trying to explain that sometimes I need to get stuff done and it's not because I'm lazy and I don't want to help. It's because I have work that I can't ask anyone to help me with. So if the house is dirty, she can clean the house or I can clean the house. So if she's stressed out she can say hey, can you do me a favor and clean the house? Hey, can you do me a favor and pick the kids up at this thing? Can you do me a favor and do this? Do this? 
**Jarad** *[03:25]*: And I could go and do all of those things, but on my side, no one's asking me what I need help with. You know, what if I need help. I can't say, hey, can you come and create this component for me because I'm not going to have enough time or can you figure out why the server isn't starting so I can add this feature set to it? I can't do that. Anyway, that's the preamble. What I have an idea for is a simulation or even better, a game. And this is how I visualize it. Here, cue the visual. This is where the visual section starts. Picture this. It's a top down 3D pinball. Like pinball is the best way I can describe it. It's like angled down, top down, angled at top view of a big square which is going to be the house. 
**Jarad** *[04:32]*: And in there's a blue ball and a red ball like the pinballs. I am the blue ball and my wife is the red ball. I don't want to come right out and say it's the wife and the husband. I want whoever is playing this to go, oh, I see now that this is what it's showing. But it's cryptic at first. It's the blue ball and a red ball. I picture the blue ball is connected to a hole in the left side of the wall where it is being fed bits. It's being fed something work. But the red ball can't see what's being fed into the, you know, the blue ball's tube. 
**Jarad** *[05:20]*: But it's what is being fed in is his boss is sending in one day's worth of work which could be represented by a big chunk of something, you know, and maybe when I figure out, you know, who knows how big that one chunk is, it splits up into eight. Maybe that's eight tasks or maybe that chunk splits up into four tasks, but that's all hidden from the red ball. Now what the red ball has, the red ball doesn't have a tube. The red ball just has random work that comes up. And it could be little splotches or splatter that shows up around the cube to represent a mess or something that has to be tended to. The kids doing something, maybe it's dinner that has to be cooked. 
**Jarad** *[06:09]*: Cleaning the house, cleaning the living room, cleaning whatever, Taking the kids to a game, you know, whatever. I can see her red mess, she can see the red mess. When we also have stress meters, when the stress meter gets high for the red side, the red will ask me, the blue ball to come and help with some of the red stuff. When my stress level gets high, I don't know, but that's. You see what I'm going for. I want to be able to connect this analogy to this game where we're red balls, a blue ball and a red ball stuff is being fed in and it keeps going. The analogy where it fits really well. 
**Jarad** *[06:52]*: Like if I like, the goal is for the blue ball to get rid of all the work bits in the time allotted and if not, it carries over into the next day. I envision the game is done in rounds, right? Each round is a day and every certain many days you get a paycheck and that fills up 6,000, whatever. But hers doesn't fill up. Now mine, it doesn't. It doesn't gradually fill up. It's either I'm making 6250 or I don't have a job and I'm making none. So that needs to be represented. Anyway, I'm going to stop now just to see if we can get a basic framework going. I want to do this in Play Canvas, which is a new fun web 3D framework. 
